# Java Online Game Engine
**java game engine as back end and using processing as front end**

*The Complete documentaions is in the following link* http://repositorio.usfq.edu.ec/handle/23000/6403
</br>
*paper pdf version*: http://repositorio.usfq.edu.ec/bitstream/23000/6403/1/131037.pdf


This project is the result of the development of a Game Engine based on a Client-Server architecture and its analysis of memory performance and CPU usage. A game engine can be defined as the system in charge of handling the components for a game to work. According to this, different modules have been made to integrate them into a single system, these modules have been: the object model, event system, network system, and main thread update system. It is worth mentioning that the approach for this work is that the system modules become integrated remotely in network, that is why the network system is a main part of the engine. In order to achieve the approach the game engine has been divided into client processes and server processes. The client processes warns of new events, generated by the user, to the server and it must manage the execution of them and update them for the other clients. In addition, tests have been made to measure the performance of the system for both clients and server for memory and CPU usage, which have shown almost constant use of these. However, the user experience in LAN should be polished in the future as it is one of the highlights for satisfaction of a game that is done with the engine and because users may be able to experiment, in the future, in various network media. In this way, It is proposed a gaming engine system capable of working in a network with client-server architecture.
